Alright, I've gone through your entire codebase — 

main.py
, 

orchestrator.py
, 

ui_critic.py
, 

config.py
, 

prd.md
, the whole thing. Let me give you my honest take on what's actually bottlenecking the quality, and then we can talk about the dashboard/mobile stuff.

The Real Problem: It's Not the Models
Your local models (qwen2.5-coder, qwen3.5:9b) are only doing signal detection — "is this done?", "is this an error?". They're fine for that job. The quality of the output apps is bottlenecked by two things:

1. The prompts going into Claude are too vague
Look at your 

Phase 1 prompt
:

python
"Focus heavily on high-end aesthetics, robust architecture, and premium 'vibecode' UI/UX."
This is exactly the kind of instruction that produces the "AI dark theme bullshit" you hate. When you say "premium" to an AI, it defaults to:

Dark background + neon accent
Glassmorphism everywhere
Meaningless parallax/scroll animations
Generic hero section with big number + label
shadcn, Linear, Vercel, Apple — these look good because they have specific, opinionated design decisions, not "premium vibes". The fix is design system injection — feeding concrete design constraints, not adjectives.

2. The UI Critic is a 8B vision model judging Apple-level design
Your 

ui_critic.py
 is using qwen3-vl:8b. That's a tiny vision model. It can catch obvious failures (blank page, compile errors, the most egregious AI patterns you listed), but it genuinely cannot judge whether something is at shadcn-level or not. It'll pass mediocre designs all day.

Concrete Upgrades I'd Suggest (in priority order)
🔥 Upgrade 1: Design System Injection (Biggest Impact, Zero Cost)
Instead of telling Claude "make it premium", you create a design_library/ folder with actual design specs that get injected into the Phase 1 prompt:

design_library/
├── tokens.json          # spacing: 4-8-12-16-24-32-48-64px, exact color palettes in HSL
├── typography.md        # "Use Inter 400/500/600 for body, Instrument Serif for display only"
├── patterns/
│   ├── navigation.md    # actual code patterns for navs (not "make a nav")
│   ├── cards.md
│   └── layouts.md
└── anti-patterns.md     # "NEVER do X, Y, Z" list (your existing critic criteria, but upstream)
The Phase 1 prompt becomes: "Here is the design system you MUST follow. Do not deviate. Here are anti-patterns to avoid. Now build this task within these constraints."

This alone would 10x the output quality. Constraints produce better design than freedom.

🔥 Upgrade 2: Multi-Model Orchestration
Right now you use one model for everything. Instead:

Role	Model	Why
Orchestrator / Signal Detection	qwen3.5:9b	Better reasoning, handles nuance
Code Error Analysis	qwen2.5-coder:latest	Purpose-built for code patterns
UI Critic	Route screenshot to Claude itself via the chat tab	Your 8B vision model isn't good enough. Claude can actually judge design quality. Use one of your chat turns for it.
The idea of using Claude as the critic is key — you're already paying (in rate-limit budget) for that chat session. Having a 8B local model judge UI that's supposed to be Apple-level is like asking an intern to review a senior architect's work.

🔥 Upgrade 3: Reference-Driven Prompting
Before the build starts, inject actual screenshots or URLs of the style you want:

python
phase1_prompt = f"""
Reference sites for design direction:
- https://ui.shadcn.com (component patterns, spacing, restraint)
- https://linear.app (layout density, typography, motion)
- https://vercel.com (grid systems, dark mode done right)
The app should feel like it belongs on these sites. Study their:
- Type scale (not default, not decorative)
- Spacing rhythm (consistent, not arbitrary)
- Color usage (2-3 colors max, not a rainbow)
- Motion (purposeful, <300ms, only opacity+transform)
Task: {initial_task}
"""
💻 Upgrade 4: Web Dashboard + Mobile Control
For the "terminal is boring" problem, here's what I'd build:

Stack: FastAPI (Python backend) + WebSocket + a React/Next.js frontend as a PWA

Dashboard shows:

Live turn counter, current phase, which agent is active
Real-time streaming of agent conversations (both sides)
Dev server screenshot (auto-refreshing)
Console/error logs
History of all turns with collapsible details
Mobile controls (via PWA or just responsive web):

Start/Stop/Pause buttons
Inject a mid-run instruction ("change the color scheme", "skip this step")
ntfy still works as a backup notification channel
View screenshots of current state
This is doable but it's a proper project — probably a Phase 2 thing after the prompt quality is fixed.

What I'd Prioritize
Design library + better prompts — this is a few hours of work and will immediately fix the "noob level output" problem. No new code needed, just better prompt templates and a curated reference folder.
Swap orchestrator to qwen3.5:9b — one-line config change, better reasoning.
Route UI critic screenshots through Claude instead of the 8B local model — moderate code change in the loop.
Web dashboard — bigger project, but transforms the UX completely.
What resonates with you? Want to start tackling any of these, or do you want to riff on other ideas first?